---
title: Food
categories:
- russia
- travel
tags: []
---
Yesterday (Saturday) was pretty uneventful, so I will not wire a blog post for it.

My host family has been asking me to cook some Mexican food. I only know how to make a few things, and getting the ingredients is pretty darn hard. I asked my real parents for some recipes over the phone, so they gave me a few. I asked my host family about some of the ingredients I would need for certain recipes. Some were in the dictionary, but they had never hear of them, and some were just impossible to translate, even using the Internet. 

I found out there is a large supermarket a few bus stops away from my house, so this morning I got on a bus and went there. I found limes (which are impossible to get anywhere else for some reason), some cheese I think might be ok, and some tortilla resembling bread. When I got home, I made some lemonade with the lime juice, water, and tons of sugar. Then I found out that the grandma can't eat sugar, which apparently I missed the whole time I have been here. They liked it, which was a step in the right direction, I have no idea what else I'm going to make.

In the afternoon, I also bough a Teflon frying pan. I showed the grandma and told her my mom loves those. She thought it was for my mom, but when I said that it was a gift from my mom, she stood up and had a very happy look on her face. Hopefully they will enjoy it, at least they won't have to use as much butter and oil when they cook on it.

Today I woke up around 7:30am thanks to the sun (and my allergies), so hopefully I will sleep well because I have work tomorrow.
